When I come home in principle, that's
different, this it is different.
Now it may seem over some crazy.
They ask for a next NextRadio originally
that you get to this point.
Are you trying to put out unnecessary
elementals was killed in a separate
ALBERGOTTI. You're the ones called to power
on the minimum, you know, almost a quarter
parameter when I have no control pun.
A simple intent is how much work to do on
those that escape from the U.S.
detained in this.
I mean, can you think of anyone?
Adina's our son.
Getting the industry, I guess I'm able to
tell is how.
I guess that's the way it's going to feel.
You know why you don't want to smoke it is
how much of this moment I say it.
Yeah, I mean, I almost I had a link, but I
get well soon.
Potato Dulmatin to follow you.
Garbanzos Lehman bastardizes Humble Diner.
You don't forget to deliver your opinion that
you were up on it when I went out and think
how they react. If you see what I was going
on, I think it's really important to
be able to we up on almost allowed EU.
Ocado is what it looks like.
We're still it's the EU is ultra ultra
unintelligible Lopburi Middle East, Los
Alamos Garbanzos.
It's not punishment for the Raptors.
Eat them up on it.
Labetalol Darina unpopular element.
If it's also you seem so.
I mean I think they almost caught between
Pablo Elaman unanimous agreement.
I love this kind of movie, but a little boy
who was here when I said they don't like the
celebrity bubble, wrap it up in case they
don't go to the theater.
See, the bomb will move it from Gaza.
Then it must remember that Iraqis have one
element in a bubble and then getting on a
little in between, I don't know, praise
Perkasie.
No, no, we're not a weapon that was taking
place.
So it will have a school or getting our air
force here know us.
Yeah, but mostly it's a poor nothing it
excludes, including the real political
headache. It's just a local party mass.
Who was out there.
Lapita I tell that mozzarella elements.
But again, for Kelderman typical but
mozzarella
dipping into your pheromones.
Elizardo, I get animals to the Super Bowl
cardio perimeter.
They started, you know, Obama's idea of
policy and this law went on through.
But they're concerned about the use of that
money.
But I want to so I said in a moment of the
momentum, Obama said about, as he says, he
and there is a game boy, I said in a polio
did me go
to the game to swim because he would
incorporate perfect into an equation,
perfect for the fun of whatever that is.
Perfecto Paraka, your ninja's Catholic
priest.
I must say both in this article I'm talking
to you almost a quarter for let me
the President direct.
I wanted to incorporate their polio.
Disney Gado is one for yoga boys.
Boys, how can all these mammals you can call
it that here.
Burrito delivery took an extra yukky and
there was a fire secretary call for you and
you got all your stuff he knows, but more
support will be more the U.S.
will get from overseas on a typical American
economy than Latin America with the result
that here, no matter what I think what
Barack Obama said with the solar panel,
but we'll stock up on it at Fresco's
Eurogamer, Motorola, Damián, as he gave me
that up on Twitter yesterday.
Yes. Say they're a step out of the game,
which are the phenomenal ruggedized on
Mirabilis, FLC, Yemeni's, Lakotas, brothers.
You know, that's not sustainable.
Simple Mosaica in Austria E is important.
We try and do this the way through to the
clean up competitive the.
The NFL, the see to someone else but the
euro.
Yeah, the listo and the investors.